Add HeaderContentTemplate feature and update DataGrid section. (#586)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/datagrid/grouping/property-group-descriptor.md

});
```

> Here is how the DataGrid looks when it`s grouped:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is how the DataGrid looks when it's grouped:
```
